# DegenieTools By BENNY JOUMESSI JASON ISAAC

####    Video Demo: https://youtu.be/kr3e3rVj-MU
####    Description:
####    Motivation

    All is about fun. The joy you can get when you code. I made this final project thinking of my difficlties
as a kid in maths and how I had to fight to overcome it all alone. Then thinking of that I decided to make a little terminal based program open source for the young. For them to learn, play and indirectly code by modifying the simplified and explained code I used. Then withouit further waiting lets go into the code.

####    Code Analysis

    The main project is the "project.c" where I used main functions and made it in such a way  that additional
functions can be added directly in the code using the "switch" case function. I included 8 libraries, some mainly used and others as a precaution for when the code will be modified later on. The main libraries ued are the standard input - output libraries (known as stdio.h), the standard library (known as stdlib.h) and the string library (string.h).

    The code contains four(4) main functions, which are the linear and quadratic solver (linear_quadratic()), a
self solving function which generates equations and solves them (self_solving()), a random number game; where a number is generated by the machine and the player has to guess the number generated in a series of levels be it EASY, MEDIUM, or DIFFICULT; This feels more like a retro game but I love retro games so please bear with me that I included that. Then finally we have a dice game, where two players enter their names a the computer generates random numbers, the chaces of cheating here are zero if one of the users does not modify the code as the numbers are totally random(dice_game()). Then we have the most important and most known function in C, also known as the main function where all the others are called and implemented. The functions are called at the beginning norder to define them if not an error is encountered.

####    Function Disection

    Lets start with the Linear and quadratic equation solver. Here I used the system() funtion inorder to clear
the screen and make it change color. This is inoder to design the terminal but knowadays git ripos can be used to inorder to faculitate designing of the terminal. I initialize my variables and use functions inorder to print symbols used in the design of the terminal instead of writing them manually. Then the code takes arguments from the user via the fumction scanf() in the stdio.h library. Then the machine gets the parameters entered and using the quadratic formular, solves and prints out the answer. The solution varies using the "if" function depending on whether the user wants to solve a linear or quadratic equation, or whether its inorder to determine the type of solution. THen the program greats the user (lol, this is makes it feel like an A.I) and exits.

    The self solving function(self_solving()) send a greating message via the "printf" function and then
prompts the use to choose which typeof equation he wants to learn. After choosing, the srand() function in the stdlib library(stdlib.h) is used and with parameter time(0) so as to constantly change the values of the eqaution. This generates equations and then uses the method of the linear_quadratic() function to solve this. This could be done far better than what it is right now, but lets begin with the actual state as this can be modified infinitely inorder to make it better. Then the function generates the results hoping the user could solve the problem it generated.

    The random number generator game implements the usage of the srand() function in a different way, where a
number is generated in a given interval and the user has to guess the number entered in order to win the game. In this little version, the user enters the number of times he wants to play, this received by the "scanf()" function and then generates a loop for the number of times the user has choosen to play. Then user then chooses a level of difficult which simple modifies the local "a" parameter in this function. Then based om what the user enters, he is told whether he is above the target number or below. The "if" function in the loop does that and checks upon each iteration if the number entered is greater than, less than or equal to the random number generated by the computer for the game. This loop goes on untill either the player wins, there number of tries available for the current level drops oe there is an expected error such as buffer overflow, buffer overread oe any other not anticipated by the program.

    The dice games simulates a dice in the real world. Two players enter their names and then the program
generates numbers for the players. This is again another implementation of the srand() function in a different aspect. Each player simply presses the "Enter" button on their keyboard and the computer printf out the value randomly generated for them. It can be added that the random function can be used to generated random keys in a process like the RSA encryption or the Deffie-Hellman encrytion. So the game goes on via the loop generated when the players decided on the number of times they were going to play. It can be further added that this can be used in an actually game needing a dice where one can't be bought.

    Finally we have the main funtion(main()) where all the other functions are called. This is like the main
table in an SQL( Structured Query Language) database where all the "id's" are called, connected and used. The function prints out an introduction via the "printf" function and then takes an argument from the user inorder to determine via the "switch" case function which case (pardon the tautology) to choose, code and module to implement.

        Sanittization of users inputs is still to be done but this was made to be game, in the future a module
can be added where ethical hacking is included. The program generates a password and then locks up the program and users have to reverse engineer the program, bruteforce or leak data through bufferoverflow or unexpected input parameters leading to data leakage from the program.

